[ci-visibility] Clarify RUM - CI Visibility integration (#18939)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/guides/rum_integration.md

### Browser tests and RUM

> **Important**: Before you can link your Cypress tests and RUM, make sure that [Test Visibility][1] is already setup for Cypress.

Reviewer: Non-blocking, if this is something you want to highlight to users, consider an alert div, similar to https://a.cl.ly/7KuWqqew:
```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning">
<strong>Important</strong>: Before you can link your Cypress tests and RUM, make sure that <a href="/continuous_integration/tests/javascript/?tab=cypress#instrument-your-tests">Test Visibility</a> is already setup for Cypress.</div>
```
